[17.0][IMP] product_contract: Set description under product name instead of description (#1187)
OCA/contract: product_contract/readme/CONFIGURE.md

> You can show the details showed under the product on description by using the next system parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can include the contract details on the sales order description by
using the following system parameters:
```
